README.md, before:

# SJCam-API
This repository will contain documentation on the SJCam WiFi APIs, such as for the SJCam 4000 WiFi and the SJCam 5000x Elite.

The documentation will be written in the [apiDoc](http://apidocjs.com)-system, and hosted through GitHub-pages at http://zsub.github.io/SJCam-API. Despite using a `js` file, there is no 'real' javascript in the repository. The javascript file is simply the container so ApiDocJS can generate the documentation.  

# Create the docs

1. checkout `master`
2. make changes and commit
3. checkout branch `gh-pages`
4. `git show master:api.js > api.js`
5. `git show master:apidoc.json > apidoc.json`
6. `apidoc -f api.js -c apidoc.json -o .`
7. `rm api.js; rm apidoc.json`
8. commit and push to GitHub

Anything under this line will have to be moved to `api.js` eventually. Any info that is described in `api.js` will be removed from here.

---

# Base URL
`http://192.168.1.254`

# Open ports
I used `nmap` to see which ports are open. `8000` and `3333` don't seem to be functional, or at least I don't know how to connect to them (other than `telnet` which only gives me a blank screen).
```
PORT     STATE SERVICE
80/tcp   open  http
554/tcp  open  rtsp
3333/tcp open  dec-notes
8000/tcp open  http-alt
```

# Live preview
`rtsp://192.168.1.254/xxx.mov`

# File Management Panel 
`GET	/	file management panel`

# Configuration options
all options follow the template:
`/?custom=1&cmd={Command}&par={Option}`
Command - setting/mode of the device
Option - usually 0/1, but when more settings are supported theres a few more numbers for different menu items

## Other options
```
1001 Take photo (in photo mode)
1002 Image Size
1004 Capture Mode
1005 Quality
1006 Sharpness
1007 White Balance
1008 Color
1009 ISO
1011 Anti Shake
2001 Start/stop recording (par=1 start par=0 stop) 
2002 Resolution
2003 Cyclic Record
2004 WDR
2005 Exposure
2006 Motion Detection
2007 Audio
2008 Date Stamp
2010 Live View Size
3001 Switch mode
3003 WiFiName
3004 Password
3005 Set date (&str=YYYY-MM-DD)
3006 Set time (&str=HH:MM:SS)
3007 Auto Power Off
3008 DV Language
3010 Format
3011 Reset to Defaults
3014 List current settings?
3019 Keepalive?
3025 Frequency
3026 Rotate
```

/?custom=1&cmd=3001&par=4 - switch to timeing photo mode  
/?custom=1&cmd=3001&par=3 - switch to timing video (video lapse) mode  
/?custom=1&cmd=3001&par=2 - switch to hdmi mode (probably)  
/?custom=1&cmd=3001&par=1 - switch to video mode  
/?custom=1&cmd=3001&par=0 - switch to photo mode    

## WiFi client mode maybe
http://www.gitup.com/en/blog/24_Git2-Wi-Fi-Client-Mode.html

# More info: 
* http://how-i-did-that.blogspot.com/search/label/SJCAM4000Wifi
* http://www.rcgroups.com/forums/showpost.php?s=bdc0be9f330339f4a44c0f91c4b2d9a7&p=29634969&postcount=3156
* https://github.com/AdamLaurie/sjcam/blob/master/sj4000.py

Commit message:

Added more options, clarified if they are certain
Some options are included but their functionality is uncertain, I have
tried to make that much clearer now. Also from a packet capture between
my iPhone and the 5000x I have found some more options, but I also need
to investigate those.

README.md, after:

# SJCam-API
This repository will contain documentation on the SJCam WiFi APIs, such as for the SJCam 4000 WiFi and the SJCam 5000x Elite.

The documentation will be written in the [apiDoc](http://apidocjs.com)-system, and hosted through GitHub-pages at http://zsub.github.io/SJCam-API. Despite using a `js` file, there is no 'real' javascript in the repository. The javascript file is simply the container so ApiDocJS can generate the documentation.  

# Create the docs

1. checkout `master`
2. make changes and commit
3. checkout branch `gh-pages`
4. `git show master:api.js > api.js`
5. `git show master:apidoc.json > apidoc.json`
6. `apidoc -f api.js -c apidoc.json -o .`
7. `rm api.js; rm apidoc.json`
8. commit and push to GitHub

Anything under this line will have to be moved to `api.js` eventually. Any info that is described in `api.js` will be removed from here.

---

# Base URL
`http://192.168.1.254`

# Open ports
I used `nmap` to see which ports are open. `8000` and `3333` don't seem to be functional, or at least I don't know how to connect to them (other than `telnet` which only gives me a blank screen).
```
PORT     STATE SERVICE
80/tcp   open  http
554/tcp  open  rtsp
3333/tcp open  dec-notes
8000/tcp open  http-alt
```

# Live preview
`rtsp://192.168.1.254/xxx.mov`

# File Management Panel 
`GET	/	file management panel`

# Configuration options
all options follow the template:
`/?custom=1&cmd={Command}&par={Option}`
Command - setting/mode of the device
Option - usually 0/1, but when more settings are supported theres a few more numbers for different menu items

## Other options
```
1001 Take photo (in photo mode)
1002 Image Size
1004 Capture Mode ?
1005 Quality
1006 Sharpness
1007 White Balance
1008 Color
1009 ISO
1011 Anti Shake
2001 Start/stop recording (par=1 start par=0 stop) 
2002 Resolution
2003 Cyclic Record
2004 WDR
2005 Exposure
2006 Motion Detection
2007 Audio
2008 Date Stamp
2010 Live View Size
2016 ? From packet capture
3001 Switch mode
3003 WiFiName
3004 Password
3005 Set date (&str=YYYY-MM-DD)
3006 Set time (&str=HH:MM:SS)
3007 Auto Power Off
3008 DV Language
3010 Format
3011 Reset to Defaults
3012 ? From packet capture
3014 List current settings?
3016 Status Mode? (which mode?)
3019 Keepalive?
3025 Frequency
3026 Rotate
3027 ? From packet capture
```

/?custom=1&cmd=3001&par=4 - switch to timeing photo mode  
/?custom=1&cmd=3001&par=3 - switch to timing video (video lapse) mode  
/?custom=1&cmd=3001&par=2 - switch to hdmi mode (probably)  
/?custom=1&cmd=3001&par=1 - switch to video mode  
/?custom=1&cmd=3001&par=0 - switch to photo mode    

## WiFi client mode maybe
http://www.gitup.com/en/blog/24_Git2-Wi-Fi-Client-Mode.html

# More info: 
* http://how-i-did-that.blogspot.com/search/label/SJCAM4000Wifi
* http://www.rcgroups.com/forums/showpost.php?s=bdc0be9f330339f4a44c0f91c4b2d9a7&p=29634969&postcount=3156
* https://github.com/AdamLaurie/sjcam/blob/master/sj4000.py
